Reliable and accurate measurements
are vital for global industry, –
commerce and safety.
Future power generation
and industrial processes –
require new measurement
solutions as they help –
in reaching goals
related to climate change.
New technologies to
identify materials –
and measure their qualities
benefit the circular economy.
VTT MIKES, the National
Metrology Institute of Finland, –
develops new measurement
and calibration technologies.
We are responsible for the
implementation and development –
of the national measurement
standards system.
Our fields of expertise include
interferometry, –
high voltage measurements,
optical spectroscopy, –
hyperspectral sensing technology
and quantum measurement standards.
Our laboratories feature a wide
range of equipment –
for providing the most accurate
measurements and calibrations, –
ranging from interferometers
and optical spectrometers –
to calibration systems for
pressure and humidity.
We can help in validating
your measuring equipment, –
or when, for example,
developing a measuring system –
or process for
quality control.